# LMC2700_Group12
## ** Concept **
The main concept we want to explore through our new game is collaboration going hand-in-hand with competition. The game will require players to work together in order to earn points, but they must be able to do slightly better than their opponent in order to receive the point instead of their opponent. This clash of cooperation and rivalry may provide an interesting perspective on the way people’s minds work while in a competitive game atmosphere, and the repercussions of leaning toward one method or the other. Visually, we want to explore the use of abstract shapes to make recognizable images, and more specifically, learn more about what contributes to someone being able to recognize an image.
## ** Concept **
Our game will revolve around the idea of two users drawing with shapes on a shared canvas, and a third player guessing what has been drawn. At the beginning of a round, these players will receive the same word of something they are required to draw, and will alternate turns (silently, in the spirit of the original game) with moving shapes that have already been placed and adding additional shapes to the canvas. The third player can guess at any time what has been created, but an incorrect guess will result in a penalty. A correct guess will result in a point for both the player who guessed correctly and the player who placed the most recent shape. Players will alternate roles for three different rounds, and the player with the most points at the end of the three rounds will be declared the winner. For their turn, players will only be able to move one and place one shape.
